[Tooltip] Update Tooltip UX (#8130)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/overlays/tooltip.md

  - fileName: tooltip-visible-only-with-child-interaction.tsx
    title: Visible only with child interaction
    description: Use when the tooltip overlays interactive elements when active, for example a form input. The `dismissOnMouseOut` prop prevents the tooltip from remaining active when mouse hover or focus leaves its `children` and enters the tooltip's content.

>   - fileName: tooltip-icon-mode.tsx
>     title: Icon mode Tooltips
>     description: These tooltips exist for instances where the merchant is most likely familiar with the content. This tooltip doesn't provide _new_ information. It just expands the information that already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - fileName: tooltip-with-suffix.tsx
    title: With suffix
    description: Use when merchants benefit from information supplemental to the tooltip content. For example, to present a keyboard shortcut beside the content of a tooltip that describes an icon button.
```
